fix: viem transport fallback for non Blockchain API requests. (#4195)
reown-com/appkit: .changeset/seven-wombats-glow.md

---
'@reown/appkit-adapter-wagmi': patch
'@reown/appkit-utils': patch
'@reown/appkit': patch
'@reown/appkit-adapter-bitcoin': patch
'@reown/appkit-adapter-ethers': patch
'@reown/appkit-adapter-ethers5': patch
'@reown/appkit-adapter-solana': patch
'@reown/appkit-cdn': patch
'@reown/appkit-cli': patch
'@reown/appkit-common': patch
'@reown/appkit-controllers': patch
'@reown/appkit-core': patch
'@reown/appkit-experimental': patch
'@reown/appkit-polyfills': patch
'@reown/appkit-scaffold-ui': patch
'@reown/appkit-siwe': patch
'@reown/appkit-siwx': patch
'@reown/appkit-ui': patch
'@reown/appkit-wallet': patch
'@reown/appkit-wallet-button': patch
---

> Fixes issue wherenetworks not supported by Blockchain API would fail to execute requests in wagmi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes issue where networks not supported by Blockchain API would fail to execute requests in wagmi
```
^
